they came to pass at that time the Judah
departed from his brothers and visited a
certain ad elamite whose name was Huayra
and Judah saw their a daughter of a
certain Canaanite whose name was Shores
and he married her and went into her so
she conceived and bore a son and he
called his name her she conceived again
and bore a son and she called his name
own and she conceived yet again and bore
a son and called his name Sheila
he was at kiseop when she bore him then
Judah took a wife for his firstborn and
her name was Tims
but her Judah's firstborn was wicked in
the sight of the Lord and the Lord
killed him and Judah said to Onan go
into your brother's wife and marry her
and raise up an heir to your brother for
ona knew that the air would not be his
and it came to pass when he went into
his brother's wife that he emitted on
the ground lest he should give an air to
his brother and the thing which he did
displeased the Lord therefore he killed
him also then Judah said to Thema his
daughter-in-law remain a widow in your
father's house tell my son Sheila is
grown less he also died like his
brothers and Tamar went and dwelt in her
father's house now in the process of
time the daughter of sure
Judah's wife died
and Judah was comforted and went up to
his sheep shearers at Timnath he and his
friend Huayra Theia dolemite and it was
told tamer look your father-in-law is
going up to Timna to share his sheep so
she took off her widows garments covered
herself with a veil and wrapped herself
and sat in an open place which was on
the way to Timnath for she saw that
Sheila was grown and she was not given
to him as a wife when Judith saw her he
thought she was a harlot because she had
covered her face then he turned to her
by the way please let me come into you
for he did not know that she was his
daughter-in-law what will you give me
that you may come into me I will send a
young goat from the flock will you give
me a pledge till you send it
what pledge shall I give you your signet
and cord and your staff that is in your
hand then he gave them to her and went
into her and she conceived by him so she
arose and went away
and laid aside her veil and put on the
garments of her widowhood
and Judah sent the young goat by the
hand of his friend via dolemite to
receive his pledge from the woman's hand
but he did not find her when he asked
the men of that place where is the
harlot who was openly by the roadside
there was no harlot in this place so he
returned to Judah I cannot find her
also the men of the place said there was
no harlot in this place let her take
them for herself lest we be shamed for I
sent this young goat and you have not
found her and it came to pass about
three months after but Judah was told
Tamar your daughter-in-law has played
the harlot furthermore she is with child
by harlotry bring her out and let her be
burned when she was brought out she sent
to her father-in-law by the man to whom
these belong I am with child
please determine who's these are the
Signet and cord and staff so Judah
acknowledged them she has been more
righteous than I because I did not give
her to Sheila my son and he never knew
her again now it came to pass at the
time for giving birth that behold twins
were in her womb
and so it was when she was giving birth
that the one put out his hand and the
Midwife took a scarlet thread and bound
it on his hand this one came up first
and it happened as he drew back his hand
but his brother came out unexpectedly
how did you break through this breech be
upon you
therefore his name was called Peters
afterward his brother came out who had
the scarlet thread on his hand and his
name was called Zira
you